[00:00:00]
Share a racist point. When we were discussing Sarah B. Tate, I said, why isn't Sarah B. Tate a mistake case? Why isn't it a mistake case? Why isn't it a mistake in basic discussion case? Why isn't it treated under this sort of risk allocation heading? Why is it treated as a mistake in integration?

[00:00:34]
Well, here we talk about a mistake in integration, and the remedy was a transformation of the agreement to conform to the wife's understanding, right?

[00:00:51]
Well, it's hard to fit it within a mistake doctrine, because it's really not a mutual mistake. I mean, the husband knew, or at least his lawyers knew, what the correct facts were. So it's not a case of mutual mistake. It doesn't really fit within the mutual mistake doctrine. And these cases that we've been talking about, like Beach Comer and the general problem of mistaking the basic assumption, generally involve a mutual mistake. And the remedy typically is rescission. And so it doesn't really fit comfortably. Now, can you have a unilateral mistake to compromise to a rescission? And the answer is yeah, maybe. There is a doctrine of unilateral mistake, too. Courts are much less likely to avoid a contract for unilateral mistake, because they're gonna say, well, unilateral mistake means one party made a mistake, and the other party's gonna say, well, that's just way too much. made a mistake and the other didn't, and so, you know, that's too bad. You made the mistake. But sometimes, right, sometimes courts will, in cases of, you know, lateral mistake, if they can see some basis for fault in the counterparty or that the counterparty knew about the mistake, maybe grant a decision, right? But that doesn't really work in stare-retake either, right? Because rescission is exactly what the husband, you know, he's prepared to live with that. Let's go back to status quo. I'll put on my proof and the property is only worth $450, right? And so the court treats it as a mistake in integration where the general response is, okay, well, the parties have agreed. There's not really a mistake here.

[00:02:46]
The parties have actually agreed and it's just, the mistake is just that the documentation doesn't conform to the actual agreement. The agreement was made on the basis. Of the wife's valuation. And then they conform the document to that understanding. And that gets them where they want to get to. Make sense? Well, it gets where the court wants to get to. The court believes that the wife's claim is a just claim. And so the court is, you know, has an eye towards what the result of the case is going to be. And it's deciding what the theory is that it's going to evolve. Yeah.

[00:03:29]
Why, I'm sorry, why is it not wrong? It kind of is. Right? You can check. They don't want to, they don't have to go that, they don't want to go that far and say that it was wrong. But I think it is. If you read the opinion, the bar opinion that follows, it basically says, you know, in that situation, for the client is trying to exploit the error. The client is committing a crime. So they're going to go a little bit of a overlapped. Well, yeah. I think, yes. Yeah. You could characterize it as a fraud case, I think. But again, the more convenient, you don't have to go that far. They say, well, they had an agreement and the agreement is on the list. And that's the court's preferred path. But there are, there's definitely shades of fraud. It's not associated with, it's not entirely unlikely from the person's perspective. Okay. Not to say, we're having to shift gears again and go into another section of the course where the issue is going to be enforceability rather than defenses, or leaving the defenses behind us. And so. So the starting place on enforceability in a contract is the document of consideration, which theoretically is central to contract law for hundreds of years in the common law system, although in practice, it rarely comes up. And the reason it rarely comes up is sort of this charge that, you know, if you're going

[00:05:24]
to use a charge chart that I've illustrated up here, which is that the doctrine of consideration, we have what's called the bargain theory of consideration, right? And so the classic definition of consideration, that was you bargain for and give in an exchange for a promise that creates a detriment in the promising and a benefit to the promising. Kind of a classic definition. And so there's all those words, and you'll see in the cases talk about detriments and benefits. But the real core of it is the part about bargains for exchange. And the restating second is very clear, that as long as you meet this requirement of bargain for exchange, that's sufficient. You don't need to go hunting around for benefits and detriments. So it's the bargain theory of contracts, which is embodied in the modern authorities, including, for example, the restating second. And so this world here, the business world, the commercial world, is a world of bargain. That's what people are engaged in, right? So when you're operating in this world, it's generally going to be pretty easy to find consideration. It's not going to be commonly involved in a commercial setting where there's going to be a credible argument that it's not in some way connected to a bargain. And so walk-in consideration doesn't really come up very much in these cases. Now,

[00:07:23]
the reason I have these different bubbles up here is that that's true in the business context, where it's going to be presumptive. Promises that are given, that are serious promises, are generally going to be presumptively enforceable on the consideration theory. That presumption doesn't necessarily exist in these other worlds. And so, there are promises that are made. There are promises between donors and charities and so forth and so on. And there are promises exchanged in the world of politics. And there are probably some other bubbles out here too, but these are sort of the main ones. And so promises made in these contexts don't benefit from that presumption that we're going to be able to find enforceability on a consideration theory. So walk-in consideration, to the extent that it is still something we fight about, it tends to be in these contexts where it's more difficult, maybe, to find where the consideration is. But generally, in the business cases, it's going to be pretty straightforward. Or should be. And so why do we have this? Why do we draw this line between the business cases and these other cases? And I think part of it is this sense, the efficiency justification for economic and wealth optimization, whatever you want to call it, wealth maximization, that is sort of a desirable social goal that draws a lot of contract law. And that's what this world is all about. Right?

[00:09:20]
This world is all about economics. And so the economic justifications are less powerful than these other efficiency, allocation of resource type arguments are less powerful in these contexts. So I think that's part of why we have this kind of reification of the consideration doctrine. And another part of it, is this sense of protecting reliance and this element of justice. Right? That somehow that . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .