[00:00:00]
Thank you. Thank you. My husband knew, or at least his lawyers knew, what the correct facts were. So it's not a case of mutual mistake. It doesn't really fit within the mutual mistake doctrine. And these cases that we've been talking about, like Beachcomber and the general problem of mistaken case of assumption, which generally involve... And the remedy typically is decision. And so it doesn't really fit comfortably. And the answer is, yeah, maybe, right? There is a doctrine of unilateral mistake, too. Courts are much less likely to avoid a contract with an unilateral mistake. One party made a mistake and the other didn't, and so, you know, that's too bad.

[00:02:00]
You made a mistake. But sometimes, right? Sometimes courts will, in cases of unilateral mistakes, they can see some basis for fault in the counterparty or the counterparty knew about the mistake. Maybe kind of decision. But that doesn't really work in stare-and-take either, right? Because decision is exactly what the husband, you know, he's prepared to look at that. Let's go back to status quo. Okay, I'll throw in my proof. And the counterparty is only worth $4,500. All right. And so the court treats it as a mistake in integration where the general response is, okay, well, the parties have agreed. It's not really a mistake. The parties have actually agreed. And it's just, the mistake is just that the documentation doesn't conform to the actual agreement. The agreement was made on the basis of the wife's knowledge. And then... And that gets them moving on. Make sense? Well, it gets to where the court wants to get to. Yeah, the court believes that the wife's claims are just false. And so the court, you know, has an eye for what the result of the case is going to be. Deciding what the theory is.

[00:03:28]
Yeah. Why is it not false? Because that's what it is. Right? You can check. They don't want to have to go that far. But I think it is. It should be the opinion of the authority that's part of it. Because it is, you know, in that situation, it's trying to export the error. It's trying to do the fault. Okay, I'm going to go a little bit further. Well, yeah, I think, yes. Yeah. You can characterize it as a fault. Okay. But again, the more convenient. You don't have to go that far. Okay. Well, they're having a great time. And that's the court's decision. But there are factors that I should follow. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, let me tell you. We're going to shift gears again. And we'll go to another section of the court. But if there is an issue, it can be, of course, in the if the Detainees of theabor's behind. And so, the fine point on what you're doing in contact, you're going to have to go to the dentist. And so, the fine point on what you're doing in contact, is you're not going to have to go to the dentist. And if you're going to go to the dentist,

[00:04:59]
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

[00:06:59]
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

[00:08:59]
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.